Update bluetooth proxy docs with latest information on active bluetooth connections (#2469)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/bluetooth_proxy.rst

If you're looking to create an ESPHome node that is just a Bluetooth Proxy, see
our `Bluetooth Proxy installer <https://esphome.github.io/bluetooth-proxies/>`__ website.

.. warning:: Active connections

    The Bluetooth proxy of ESPHome provides Home Assistant with a maximum number of 3 simultaneous active connections.
    Devices which maintain a *continuous active* connection will consume one of these constantly, whilst devices which
    do *periodic disconnections and reconnections* will permit using more than 3 of them (on a statistical basis).
    Passively broadcasted sensor data (that is advertised by certain devices without active connections) is received
    separately from these, and is not limited to a specific number.

    The :doc:`esp32` component should be configured to use the ``esp-idf`` framework, as the ``arduino`` framework
    uses significantly more memory and performs poorly with the Bluetooth proxy enabled. When switching from

>     ``arduino`` to ``esp-idf``, make sure to update the device with a serial cable as the partition table is

Reviewer: I'd be a bit more permissive an exact:

When switching from  ``arduino`` to ``esp-idf``, and using active connections, it is recommended to to update the device with a serial cable

because this is not something mandatory when somebody is using the device passively (which is default setting).

Author: I think this ok as-is given its in the `Active connections` block

    Passively broadcasted sensor data (that is advertised by certain devices without active connections) is received
    separately from these, and is not limited to a specific number.
    
    When using active connections, the :doc:`web_server` component should be disabled as the device is likely

>     to run of memory and malfunction when both components are enabled simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    to run out of memory and will malfunction when both components are enabled simultaneously.
```

>     When using active connections, the :doc:`web_server` component should be disabled as the device is likely
>     to run of memory and malfunction when both components are enabled simultaneously.
>     

Reviewer 3: I would even go as far as to make this whole thing its own warning box

```suggestion

  .. warning::

    
    When using active connections, the :doc:`web_server` component should not be configured as the device is likely
    to run out of memory and malfunction when both components are enabled simultaneously.
    This can also be the case when trying to add ``bluetooth_proxy`` to a device that already has a number of other 
    components configured. It is best to make the device as dedicated to ``bluetooth_proxy`` as you can to 
    have the best results.
    
```

Author: Adjusted

.. note::

    Bluetooth proxy requires Home Assistant 2022.9 or later.

>     

Author: ```suggestion
```

Avoid placing the ESP node in racks, close to routers/switches or other network equipment as EMI interference will degrade Bluetooth signal reception. For best results put as far away as possible, at least 3 meters distance from any other such equipment. Place your ESPHome devices close to the Bluetooth devices that you want to interact with for the best experience.

Complete sample recommended configuration
-----------------------------------------

Below is a complete sample recommended configuration for a Bluetooth proxy.

> This configuration is for a Olimex ESP32-PoE-ISO board with an Ethernet connection to the network.

Author: ```suggestion
This configuration is for an Olimex ESP32-PoE-ISO board with an Ethernet connection to the network.
```

> If you are using a different board, you will need to change the ``board`` substitution to match your board.

Author: ```suggestion
If you use a different board, you must change the ``board`` substitution to match your board.
```

> If you experience issues your proxy, try reducing your configuration to be as similar to this as possible.

Author: ```suggestion
If you experience issues with your proxy, try reducing your configuration to be as similar to this as possible.
```
